# CS305ProjectTwo
* Artemis Financial is a financial institution that is aiming to incorporate additional security into their software application in the hopes of a more secure network for their userbase.
* The most interesting part of the project was the static testing. Testing to find certain vulnerabilities was by far the most interesting because I got to see in real time what it was like to see potential vulnerabiliies being output in the terminal and then removed so that the application would run smoothly and as intended. It is important for any business, but especially a financial institution to have a secure front and back-end because of the amount of private user data that company holds and the amount of money that may be potentially lost were it not secure. 
* By far the most helpful thing during the project was the dependency checking tool. It was helpful because it essentially a shortcut for checking the vulnerabilities which was amazing because it meant that I did not need to check anything by hand.
* Most of the libraries and dependencies that were utilized were out of date and therefore created a vulnerability within the application. The easiest solution was to recommend penetration testing and update the libraries to their most up-to-date version. 
* One coding practice I consistently follow is to program in small chunks and to guess and check. I code in smaller increments/sections and test often to see if there are any vulnerabilties, bugs, or general warnings that may need addressing. Essentially, a thorough guess and check was my ultimate clutch for ensuring that code was not only working as intended, but was also readable and maintainable for future use. 
* As I had mentioned before, the guessing and checking was the most helpful, along with the dependency tool because it reduced the time it took to find the errors and vulnerabilities by at least half the time it would take me were I to do so by hand. I will absolutely continue these methods and practices in the future for the sake of efficiency and time management.
* I would show them my abilility to utilize the dependency tool to check for vulnerabilities as well as show them my ability to use a hash cipher to send encrypted messages.
